[Music]
so has it been year since your last pop
quiz ah pop quiz do you prefer Coke or
Pepsi yeah different pop quiz do you
still remember what they taught you back
in school
why are plants green what's your largest
organ
what unit measures electrical resistance
can you pass the test by getting at
least 28 questions right now let's see
number one how many continents names
start and end with the same letter a 3 B
4 C 5 you've got 5 answers to think the
answer is C Asia Africa Australia
Antarctica and Europe a could be all of
them if you combine North and South
America into one America - how many
planets in the solar system have rings
around them a 1 B 2 C 4
[Music]
all four gas giants Jupiter Saturn
Uranus and Neptune have ring systems
made of bits of ice and rock 3 what's
the longest river on earth a the Nile be
the Yangtze see the Amazon the Amazon
River is a close second at almost 4000
miles long but the Nile is 160 miles
longer for what's the stuff that makes
plants green a chloroplast B Keima fill
C chlorophyll
it's chlorophyll chloroplasts are parts
of cells that contain it and chemo phil
is just something I made up to mess with
you five how many vertebrae are in a
giraffe's neck a 14 B 7 C 12 it's just
seven like in most mammals including you
and me a giraffe's neck bones are just a
lot bigger 6 what is the tail of a comet
made from a gas be dust C space powder
[Music]
space powder really it's a and B because
most comets have two tails a gassy one
and a dusty one and no I won't comment
on having a gassy tail that hits too
close to home 7 which of these animals
can't jump a elephants B sloths
see giraffes that could resist a trick
question
none of them can jump eight what's the
symbol for iron on the periodic table of
elements a I be ir c fe the Latin name
for iron is theorem so it's fe 9 what is
fire a a gas B plasma see an optical
illusion
[Music]
no your eyes don't deceive you fire is
the fourth state of matter
plasma ten why do fruits taste good eh
they want to be popular and eaten by
everybody be the sweet taste is just an
accident
see nobody knows fruits make themselves
sweet because they want to be popular
and even animals munching on them help
spread their seeds eleven what in the
world are spiders a a nightmare
incarnate be insects see relatives of
ticks and scorpions
spiders along with ticks and scorpions
belonged to the big happy eight-legged
arachnid family the answer is C but I'll
accept a 212 what's the largest organ of
the human body
a lungs the skin C liver the skin serves
many critical purposes for our body and
it covers the entirety of you so it's B
13 1 plus 1 plus 1 plus 1 1 plus 1 plus
1 plus 1 1 plus 1 times 0 plus 1 equals
a 0 B 10 C 2
[Music]
the equal sign is only at the end of the
third line and there are no pluses to
connect the three groups so one plus
zero plus one equals two
14 which mountain peak is the farthest
from the center of the earth
a Chimborazo B Mount Everest C lot C
[Music]
our planet isn't a perfect sphere and
the way it's curved makes Chimborazo
summit the farthest from the Earth's
center despite Everest being the tallest
peak above sea level 15 what gets mixed
with iron to make steel a zinc be carbon
sea chrome carbon mixed with iron makes
it much harder the answer is B 16 a hat
and a scarf cost five dollars fifty
cents in total the Hat costs five more
dollars than the scarf how much is the
scarf a 25 cents be 50 cents C one
dollar the answer is a the scarf is 25
cents add 5 to that to get 5 25 the
price of the Hat
together that's five fifty seventeen
which planet has the most natural
satellites a earth the Saturn see
Jupiter
[Music]
Saturn has 82 moons
even though Jupiter itself is much
bigger it has 79 modes earth does have
about 5,000 satellites surrounding it
but the only natural one is our one and
only moon 18 why are flamingos pink a
it's their natural color B because of
their diet
C they drink too much pink lemonade
[Music]
it's be flamingos are born with gray
feathers but gradually turn pink because
of a pigment they digest in their diet
of brine shrimp
and blue-green algae 19 what part of the
plant is a potato a a fruit be a root
see a leaf potatoes are a special part
of the root system called a tuber
carrots are the same stuff from another
plan xx which of these plants can't be
considered a fruit a a watermelon be an
orange C and Apple unlike oranges and
apples watermelons are naturally berries
just huge ones 21 what's wrong with this
sentence there are two types of
questions on the quiz easy trick
questions and the hardest ones a is not
R be harder not hardest see nothing
looks okay to me B is the right answer
because you can compare with the
superlative degree 22 how many
chromosomes do humans have a 23 be 46 C
every cell in the human body contains 23
pairs of chromosomes so the total number
is 46 23 what unit measures electrical
resistance a volts be ohms C amps its
ohms answer for current and volts
measure voltage now if you have an
electric stove you could say you have
home on the range
but I wouldn't 24 what's the closest
living relative to dinosaurs a fish the
reptiles seabirds
[Music]
today we know that some dinosaurs had
feathers instead of scales so if you
want to pet Dino a bird is your best bet
25 what's the hardest part of the human
body a the jaw B teeth C shin bones its
teeth they're partly made of enamel
which is much harder than any bone could
possibly be 26 how many times can a bee
sting a once-in-a-lifetime B 3 times C
as many times as they want
[Music]
only one species of bees is limited to a
single sting in a lifetime every other
kind can sting with no limits that's
good to know
27 how many centimeters are there in a
metre a 1000 B 100 C 10 the correct
answer is B even if you don't use the
metric system you could guess since
centi means 128 what's the only bodily
process that doesn't need any signals
from the brain a breathing B heartbeat C
blinking
[Music]
it's heartbeat in fact a heart can work
for a while without the rest of the body
it generates electric signals for itself
29 what's the biggest desert on earth a
the Antarctic be the Sahara see the Gobi
Desert the Antarctic is a polar desert
and it's the biggest one in the world
covering around 5.5 million square miles
30 what metal are we used to seeing in
liquid form a aluminum B zinc C mercury
[Music]
aluminum maybe quite soft but mercury is
a liquid in its normal state 31 what
animals can breathe underwater and on
land a reptiles B dolphins C and fib
Ian's
[Music]
amphibians like dogs toads and
salamanders can breathe through their
skin underwater yet still have
functional lungs that's really handy 32y
is the South Pole colder than the North
Pole a it gets less sunlight B it's in
the middle of a continent see it's
always farther from the Sun they both
get an equal amount of sunlight but the
South Pole is on a continent which makes
it colder 33 do have must and will are
all examples of a adverbs B auxiliary
verbs C irregular verbs
these are helper verbs also known as
auxiliaries 34 when our hair and nails
made from a crea 10 B keratin C kerosene
it's B keratin a protein that makes your
hair is smooth and strong as it is 35
why is silicon the most used element in
electronics a it's a great conductor B
it's a great insulator see the earth
just has a lot of it actually all of the
above
silicon is one of the most abundant
elements on earth and depending on its
condition it can be great at both
conducting and holding an electric
signal 36 which particle is not included
in an atom structure a neutron B photon
C electron
[Music]
atoms consist of protons neutrons and
electrons photons are particles of light
37 what's the strongest material in the
world a titanium be iron see carbon it's
carbon nanotubes made of it proved to be
far sturdier than any metal 38 what's
the term for planets like Jupiter Saturn
and Uranus a super Earths be gas giants
see red dwarfs
[Music]
these are gas giants usually huge
planets with no solid surface hey
another gassy question 39 what's the
smallest continent a Europe B Asia C
Australia Australia barely made it to
the party it's only one-fifth the size
of Asia and Europe is just slightly
bigger 40 what's the most abundant
element in the Sun a hydrogen the oxygen
C helium hydrogen makes up 75% of the
sun's mass yet helium is only 25% other
elements are a teeny tiny fraction of it
hey did you pass well if you at least
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life